# A-Virtual-Reality-Game-for-Training-Children-with-ADHD


The purpose of this project is to use the capacity of VR to intervene and train children with ADHD. We anticipated that ADHD children will engage with this game since our VR game affords a high-level immersion featuring 3D visual display and stereophonic sounds, which can provide a distinct experience comparing to traditional treatment scenarios of real or simulated classrooms. Engaging with this game can further nudge their behaviors and improve their abilities in a gamified way which will benefit to their real-life behaviors in attention control. 
Investigate long-term effects of VR in treating ADHD. Although multiple empirical studies reported significant results of the effectiveness of VR applications in ADHD treatment, most of them measured abilities regarding attention, comprehension, memory, and emotional regulation immediately after the treatment. Identify influential factors of VREs in ADHD treatment effect of gamification and VR classroom. 
Identify influential factors of ADHD treatment in VREs. If time permits, we will make the critical parameters in the VREs adjustable, so that the therapists or parents can monitor the relationships between certain environmental features and treatment efficacy. For example, parents can experiment on various levels of difficulty of distractors find out the most suitable VRE setting. These data can also be used for research purpose to understand general correlations between VREs and treatment effectiveness. 
Enable data sharing and collaboration between therapists and parents. In the future, we hope to design functions supporting behavioral data being shared with therapists remotely, based on which the therapists can guide the parents to change the parameters of the VREs for personalized solutions. The cooperation function can also provide possibilities for children in rural areas get remote treatment guided by professional suggestions. 
 
